M-FAC documentation and Tutorials (#358)
neuralmagic/sparseml: research/mfac/README.md

<!--
Copyright (c) 2021 - present / Neuralmagic, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
-->

# Matrix-Free Approximate Curvature (M-FAC) Pruning

The paper

> [Efficient Matrix-Free Approximations of Second-Order Information, With Applications to Pruning and Optimization](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03356.pdf)

Reviewer: Since "With" can be capped or not depending on which writing style is used, looking at the paper, they've lowercased it to be "with" I think.

> [Efficient Matrix-Free Approximations of Second-Order Information, With Applications to Pruning and Optimization](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03356.pdf)

Author: ```suggestion
[Efficient Matrix-Free Approximations of Second-Order Information, with Applications to Pruning and Optimization](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03356.pdf)
```

written by Elias Frantar, Eldar Kurtic, and Assistant Professor Dan Alistarh of IST Austria
introduces the Matrix-Free Approximate Curvature (M-FAC) method of pruning.
M-FAC builds on advances from the [WoodFisher](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.14340.pdf)
pruning paper to efficiently use first-order information (gradients) to determine optimal weights
to prune by approximating the corresponding second-order information.
This algorithm is shown to outperform magnitude pruning as well as other second-order pruning
techniques on a variety of one-shot and gradual pruning tasks.

## Using M-FAC with SparseML

SparseML makes it easy to use the M-FAC pruning algorithm as part of sparsification
recipes to improve pruning recovery by providing an `MFACPruningModifier`.
The `MFACPruningModifier` contains the same settings as the magnitude
pruning modifiers and contains extra settings for the M-FAC algorithm under the

> `mfac_options` parameter.  `mfac_optons` should be provided as a YAML dictionary and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`mfac_options` parameter.  `mfac_options` should be provided as a YAML dictionary and
```

> details of the main options will be provided below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
details of the main options are provided below.
```

### Example M-FAC Recipe
The following is an example `MFACPruningModifier` to be used in place of other
pruning modifiers in a recipe:

```yaml
pruning_modifiers:
  - !MFACPruningModifier
    params: __ALL_PRUNABLE__
    init_sparsity: 0.05
    final_sparsity: 0.85
    start_epoch: 1.0
    end_epoch: 61.0
    update_frequency: 4.0
    mfac_options:
      num_grads: {0.0: 256, 0.5: 512, 0.75: 1024, 0.83: 1400}
      fisher_block_size: 10000
      available_gpus: ["cuda:0"]
```

### mfac_options Parameters
The following parameters can be specified under the `mfac_options` parameter to control
how the M-FAC calculations are made. Ideal values will depend on the system
available to run on and model to be pruned.

#### num_grads
To approximate the second order information in the M-FAC algorithm, first order
gradients are used. `num_grads` specifies the number of recent gradient samples to store
of a model while training.

This value can be an int where that constant value will be used throughout pruning or a
dictionary of float sparsity values to the number of gradients that should be

> stored when that sparsity level (between 0.0 and 1.0) is reached. If a

Reviewer: consider breaking up this intro sentence; it sounds a little winded 😺

> This value can be an int where that constant value will be used throughout pruning or a
> dictionary of float sparsity values to the number of gradients that should be
> stored when that sparsity level (between 0.0 and 1.0) is reached. If a
> dictionary, then 0.0 must be included as a key for the base number of gradients
> to store (i.e. {0: 64, 0.5: 128, 0.75: 256}).

Author: ```suggestion
This value can be an int where that constant value will be used throughout pruning.
Alternatively the value can be a dictionary of float sparsity values to the number of
gradients that should be stored when that sparsity level (between 0.0 and 1.0) is reached.
If a dictionary is used, then 0.0 must be included as a key for the base number of gradients
to store (i.e. {0: 64, 0.5: 128, 0.75: 256}).
```
